Moving Key Vault access from policy to RBAC (#239)
mspnp/microservices-reference-implementation: deployment.md

```bash
# Create secrets
# Note: Ingress TLS key and certificate secrets cannot be exported as outputs in ARM deployments

> # Give current user permissions to import secrets and then it is deleted right after the secret creation command is executed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The current user is given permission to import secrets and then it is deleted right after the secret creation command is executed
```

```bash
# Create secret
# Note: Connection strings cannot be exported as outputs in ARM deployments

> # Give current user permissions to import secrets and then it is deleted right after the secret creation command is executed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The current user is given permission to import secrets and then it is deleted right after the secret creation command is executed
```

export INGESTION_KEYVAULT_NAME=$(az deployment group show -g rg-shipping-dronedelivery -n workload-stamp --query properties.outputs.ingestionKeyVaultName.value -o tsv)
export INGESTION_ID_CLIENT_ID=$(az identity show -g rg-shipping-dronedelivery -n uid-ingestion --query clientId -o tsv)

> # Give current user permissions to import secrets and then it is deleted right after the secret creation command is executed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The current user is given permission to import secrets and then it is deleted right after the secret creation command is executed
```
